I might cross chief engineer vehicle
integrity and Jaguar
great new circuit with lots of elevation
changes lots of off camber Ben's uphill
and downhill a real test of a car's
chassis
the top speed of the xkr-s is 300
kilometers per hour nought to 60 time is
4.2 seconds
short shift into third gear to use the
benefit of the talk let the car drift
over to Nixon
short straight
downhill hairpin left Daniel on the
entry popular on the exit feel the
benefit here of the active diff which
alters the locking talk of the
differential
new xkr-s like the XKR has adaptive
dynamics so the differential the damper
the throttle all adjusts to the way
you're driving the driver can choose a
dynamic mode for a more driver-focused
setup
and as we go faster the new aerodynamic
package starts to show its benefits with
increased stability as we break into the
corner
fantastic exhaust oh the
see flowers in the exhaust so while it
sounds great on the racetrack if you
drive it quietly on the road the sound
is much more so
down to a right-hander third gear
short straight into the final curve
we've modified the front suspension
uprights to make them stiffer giving the
car increased precision as a limit
okay so punching out onto the main
straight at 40 now you can really feel
the benefit of the increased power and
torque 550 horsepower